# SoftwareSecurity

Artemis Financial is a company that is looking to secure it's system with the most effective and up-to-date security protocols, in order to better serve their clients. Security is incredibly important, especially in an instance like this when the company is handling clients' personal and financial information. The ability to code securely could either make or break the business you are creating the software for.
Working through the vulnerability assessment was challenging, since it was completely foreign to me before taking this class. The assessment contains a lot of information and at the beginning combing through the report seemed overwhelming. Going through each vulnerability and determining if it applies to your project seems tedious, I feel like there should be a better way to weed out the false positives, especially when a large number of vulnerabilities is reported. 
Going through the initial code base and the Vulnerability Assessment Flow Diagram helped determine what areas of the system needed to be more secure.
Unfortunately, I could never get the browser to launch on my system. After many hours of banging my head against the wall, I could get the system to build but not launch on the browser. I'm hoping that the graded rubric of my final project will include the solution to the issue I was having, so that I will be able to navigate this error in the future.
In the course of this class, I came across several resources that have given me knowledge that will be beneficial throughout the rest of my career. The Vulnerability Assessment Flow Diagram will be a useful tool in determining if all areas of a system have been secured or not. And now I am able to run a Dependency Check and filter out false vulnerabilities which is something I had not even heard of before taking this course.
This project will demonstrate my knowledge of secure coding practices and the ability to assess a code base for security risks.
